20987 container queries part2 (#22292)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/container-name/index.md

You can also provide multiple names to a container context separated by a space:

```css
.post-meta {
  container-type: inline-size;
  container-name: meta card;
}
```

This will allow you to target the container using either name in the {{cssxref("@container")}} at-rule.

> This is useful if you want to separate

Author: good catch, tnx

> This is useful if you want to separate

Author: ```suggestion
This is useful if you want to target the same container with multiple container queries where either condition could be true:
```
